release v0.10.0 (#560)
streamnative/function-mesh: CHANGELOG.md

# Function Mesh v0.10.0 Release Notes

## v0.10.0 What's New

> * [Controller] Use wget for http/https package in downloader container ([#556](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/556))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Controller] Use the `wget` command to download HTTP/HTTPS package in the downloader container ([#556](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/556))
```
